[docs] Add docs for configuration system, fix rtd build (#253)
facebookresearch/mmf: docs/source/notes/configuration.md

# Configuration System

> MMF relies on [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) as its configuration system and adds some sugar on top of it. We have developed MMF as config-first framework. Most of the parameters/settings in MMF are configurable. MMF defines some default configuration settings for its system including datasets and models. User can then update this values via their own config or a command line dotlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MMF relies on [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for its configuration system and adds some sugar on top of it. We have developed MMF as a config-first framework. Most of the parameters/settings in MMF are configurable. MMF defines some default configuration settings for its system including datasets and models. Users can then update these values via their own config or a command line dotlist.
```

## Command Line Dot List Override

Updating the configuration through [dot list](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#from-a-dot-list) syntax is very helpful when running multiple versions of an experiment without actually updating a config. For example, to override batch size from command line you can add `training.batch_size=x` at the end of your command. Similarly, for overriding an annotation in the hateful memes dataset, you can do `dataset_config.hateful_memes.annotations.train[0]=x`.

```eval_rst

.. note::

    Command Line Dot List overrides are our recommended way of updating config parameters instead of manually updating them in config for every other change.
```

## Includes

MMF's configuration system on top of OmegaConf allows building user configs by including composable configs provided by the datasets and models. You can include it following the syntax

```yaml
includes:
- path/to/first/yaml/to/be/included.yaml
- second.yaml
```

The configs will override in the sequence of how they appear in the directive. Finally, the config parameters defined in the current config will override what is present in the includes. So, for e.g.

> First file, `a.yaml`:

Reviewer: In these examples can you use something that is related to our configs instead of mysql etc? Seems a bit odd.
